I believe that in the first one
half before we 60 before the first
big chance we have to lead 3 0
300 then, of course, much easier
and then you do not need the help
others to get the class
I think we really have 45 100
percent also gave just in first
Accents me and we have there
Of course, get involved
it also plays very different 860 must
We also do but we have
Already admitted so to speak and
they did that too
and of course that's a pity
The guys on one thing have been doing me
side your light that you are looking for
These do not operate themselves
rewarded
that's that's bitter when you're outside
sitting sees that we are really dangerous
play forwards dangerously forward
stand out of the account we have completely
Neatly standing funding has little
admitted and if we then three
have chances and you do not reward them
and the first dangerous attack of 60
tor is a course that is bitter is
very clear if you go abroad so many
high profile chances then gets
that sure so but nevertheless
not the problem in today's game
but in the last few months where we are
simply played too badly too often
and the points did not hit because of it
important that we reach our minimum goal
have managed to keep the class
Of course, we want next one
week against karlsruhe win us
to say goodbye to fans as well
best with a victory and us
of course also try fsv frankfurt
still to overtake
they still have a tough game against
fc cologne and there we have three now
Of course you want to get points
always with a positive experience
also say goodbye at home
one or two players will too
goodbye that is always such a
a little emotional as well and when
then you make a good game the
points reserves then that is a
reasonable conclusion
of course we have the season
differently presented stands for me except
ask everyone if they are shooting games
or me and the responsible ones
of course, we too
would have liked to have a little rest
without always a bit down
to have to look like that according to the motto
can still go wrong
On the other hand, I also know that
Of course, this team in the last
year had a huge bloodletting that
also the financial possibilities
this club is not like that
maybe those from 1860 or others
club and for the reason
You have to do that in peace and above all
to sleep over it in the night
I already said I analyze
have my opinion
We will be one more week now
then we stay for a few more
days with the team there if you
speak a hammer about the things and
hopefully we would be the right ones
draw conclusions